It's going on here kid.
I can't help. It's too late now.
But what I can assure you,
she gets a decent feel.
Left down like trash.
I don't know how to work.
Stand up, come on.
I'll see your potential.
I'll make a good mob stop.
You know, Jack, you can be ready, Bruce, all.
He's nearly killed me a couple of times.
But I'm still grateful to him for what he did for my mum.
And plus, I don't have anywhere else to go.
Did Jack give you that scar on your back?
In the year.
The camera for Robert.
Maybe you'd consider staying.
I don't know working for me properly, this time.
That's right.
You're not a bad person.
We need to get out of here, take your mum and go, it's not safe.
How the fuck did you find out about this place?
Max, tell me you're not involved in this shit.
I'm not.
We need to go, you're wasting time.
People will be here in a few minutes.
You'll guard us until then, right?